And then I'll bring you a
review of the phone 77 x game em cave manos
of genius a look in the sound box
virtual 7.1 that is not real it simulates
but on the other the reviews made and the
my what I could feel is very good
usually other brands as hostile
series reiser something like they did
this is now the innovating genius too.
pretty box
the gold-plated sbt also the microphone
it is unidirectional and does not
that neither of eg steel series
siberia v2 I have but he is very
well I tested the quality of it is great and
When is he up and legislative?
as the picture shows and other
features it also helps to
Here some head leaves do not have it.
but most of them have this is great
he has something very interesting that
it is a vibration system he grabs it
pregnant music and makes a vibration with
It's like a loudspeaker.
even a subwoofer anything from the
type
and I found it incredible and the control of
its volume in him is in it
different from others is that the handset on
cable and have a light years and stay
and when you are using
some using an application on the computer
that uses the handset it blinks and
here ahead of the box are back
have one from the factory just to take a look
the other party's handset
and open the box itself
I found this very interesting idea of them
to have made a phone to play was this orc
for game
some reviews even on American websites
they compared it with a leaf from the region
everyone says they are the best and
this comparison also entered here
it comes in the pack I found it a lot
beautiful and very comfortable
the gold-plated sbt had said
it has the gtx game symbol that is this
here the volume control
the levezinho and oled is only on this side and the
vibration system can activate and
disable when you want to look on the handset
and one thing that almost can not really
perceive his microphone
so it is connected and above this
height it turns off
I found very amazing he has he
space for his ear is very large
You can fit here according to the head
He is very good at listening to music.
also very comfortable here is foam
he is very inflexible is also a little
heavier than other headphones but I
I did not see any problem in that being a
headset
finishing his color he is perfect is
perfect
I found it very good for the price that I
it's on sale today the one I bought
by 240 I thought it was great
the money very well that foam that is
great
say that comparing how it is due to
two
This one I found much better
to play and to the serial movie
music the vibration system it
works more heavily even then more
to electronic beat drum
all that ends up leaving was better
still
and that's what I hope you liked
still reviewed something quick and simple and
if you want a phone for game
I advise this very good phone spoke